# Pyber_Analysis
## Part 1: Summary of DataFrame
The created DataFrame displays the total and average metrics for Pyber rides based on city type (Rural, Suburban, or Urban). Immediately clear is the distriction between Urban cities and the remaining two types; Urban cities total more than twice the amount of rides taken in Suburban and Rural cities combined. As can be expected based on the previous statement, there are significantly more drivers in urban areas (almost five times as many as other areas combined). 
However, there is an inverse relationship between pricing and city type. Individual fares are highest in in rural areas and lowest in urban areas, and the average fare per Rural driver is more than three times the average fare of Urban drivers. From the table, it can be concluded that Pyber as a company can generate more revenue in Urban areas, but individual drivers will make more per ride (albeit less rides in total) in Rural areas than Suburban or Urban areas. This information can be used in determining best marketing strategies, and could also be useful for drivers considered where to position themselves for the highest paying rides. 

## Part 2: Summary of Line Graph
When compared to the DataFrame, line graph displays only total fare fluctuations over a period of four months (JAN-APR). The most consistent fare type occurred in Rural areas, never reaching much above $500. Suburban and Urban however, did fluctuate more dramatically; both began relatively low in January and peaked in late February. Urban fares showed some rebound in the following weeks, but Suburban fares lagged, rising only in the middle of April. Further research is recommended to understand fare differnces based on date, as there may be a potential marketing need in Suburban cities during particular times of the year. 
